Error on preview if outDir missing (#9544)
withastro/astro: .changeset/four-moles-burn.md

---
'astro': minor
---

> The `astro preview` command now errors if you have not run `astro build` for static outputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a helpful error for static sites when you use the `astro preview` command if you have not previously run `astro build`.
```
